Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to
set up the installation of the the
real engine 5.7.
Okay, let's go. Okay, first thing first,
open the editor.
Create a new project.
Select this person template. Rename the
project system set up.
Hit create.
Okay. Now, let's go here to the content
drawer. After that, open the fab
marketplace.
Search for season for Ariel.
Okay, we have the first one, the season
4. Now click this button, add to my
library. Once it's up on it, okay, view
in my library. Where is this system? C
for real. Add to my project.
This takes some time to download.
There is problem. The downloading is not
beginning. Okay. How to fix this
problem? It is uh we have a second
way to fix this. Okay. Press this
button. View in my library. Okay. Where
is this one?
Okay. Add to my project is not workers.
Okay. Now, let's go here.
Where is the
Let's go here to this lens.
Now, let's go to this P.
Okay. Let's search for Misium in my
library.
Where is this one? Zio.
Okay. Press this button. Install plugin.
Install.
It takes some time to install it in the
engine.
Okay, fine. The the downloading is
finished.
Now, let's return here
to this one. Close the fab marketplace
and let's go to the edit.
Let's search for this.
Okay, we have not seal. To fix this
problem, you must
restart the engine.
Do this. Close this. And let's restart
it.
My project.
Oh, okay. Look at this. We have new
plugins notification. Okay, let's go
here to plugins and search for this.
Take this one and restart the answer.
Now I have this for a Okay, let's
press this button. connect the SIM ion.
Okay, once it's open it, you have to
sign in with your Epic Game account or
your Google account or you have not an
account new system. Okay, let's create a
new account.
Sign up with your email
and click this next button.
Choose username. I want to choose this
username.
Okay. I want to choose a password.
O E
verify your email. Okay. Let's go to
your
to my Gmail.
Okay. Uh the problem the season for the
CM website or the CM server, it's not uh
send the code right here. Okay. It to
get the code we have to go here to the
mall and go to spam folder
and copy this one and let's run here and
copy and paste this code verify.
Okay, fine. Now let's uh verify this by
pressing enter.
Okay, it's fine.
Now let's return here to the engine
and let's go here
to the token.
Press this button RD for token used in
my project. After that let's create new
level.
Choose empty level for this tutorial
and go here to the Google forest. Take
3D tininess
and go here only all of those.
Okay, I think it's fine.
can now load most of the
next step
is to go here to the cium zero reference
and set the origin latitude and the
origin magnitude
from the Google map API.
But the problem we are not uh have
Google API. How to do that for free?
Go to the Google map
to New York
for example.
Okay. Let's go here for the EBB for corp
in the Brooklyn
for example the street and copy this
coordinates.
Now let's go right here and paste the
coordinates and press enter.
Press enter.
This is for the north and this is the
west.
Okay, this is north and this is west.
Let's copy and paste all of those. First
one, copy.
Paste right here.
Return here.
Copy all of those. Copy
and paste and press L.
Okay, fine. But problem is not change
size yet.
Okay, how to fix that?
First of all, you have to save the
level.
Okay, after saving the levels,
it must be changed. But the problem is
not changing.
How to fix this problem is to go here to
the origin height and set to zero
zero.
Okay, the program is not fixed.
Let's verify those coordinators.
It's good. And let's go right here.
Okay. After that,
place your reference origin right here.
After making this, place this button. I
think the problem is fix it.
Okay, this is broken.
Okay, thank you guys for watching.
That's all for this tutorial.